src/main/docs/guide/introduction.adoc, before:

Micronaut supports https://graphql.org[GraphQL] via the `micronaut-graphql` module.

=== Release History

=== 1.2.2

* Upgrade to GraphQL Java `14.0` (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/30[#30]).

=== 1.2.1

* Fixed `DefaultGraphQLInvocation` not handling exceptions thrown by GraphQL's `executeAsync`
  (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/21[#21]).
* Added `defaultVariableEditorOpen: true` property to the GraphiQL template.

=== 1.2.0

* Provide user defined `DataLoaderRegistry` bean to `ExecutionInput` in `DefaultGraphQLInvocation`
  (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/10[#10]).
  This change requires Micronaut `1.2.0`.
* Upgrade to GraphiQL `0.13.2` and made GraphiQL version configurable (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/11[#11]).

=== 1.1.0

* Upgrade to GraphQL Java `13.0`.

=== 1.0.2

* Fixed content type resolution (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/7[#7]).

=== 1.0.1

* Fixed loading GraphiQL configuration (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/6[#6]).

==== 1.0.0

* Removed the `GraphQLContextBuilder` and `GraphQLRootBuilder` in favour of a more generic `GraphQLExecutionInputCustomizer` capable of
  transforming the `ExecutionInput` before execution.

==== 1.0.0.RC2

* Upgrade to GraphQL Java `12.0`.
* Introduced a `GraphQLJsonSerializer` interface and default `JacksonGraphQLJsonSerializer` implementation capable of providing a customized
  Jackson `ObjectMapper`, or plugging in a completely different JSON serializer/deserializer library.

==== 1.0.0.RC1

* Initial release.

Commit message:

Add support for graphql over web sockets, supporting queries, mutatio… (#27)
* Add support for graphql over web sockets, supporting queries, mutations, as well as subscriptions to be executed using web sockets

* Support subscriptions in GraphiQL

* Add tests for the web socket controller

* Add support for using the original http request with the InputCustomizer when using web socket

* Add keep alive messages and enable them by default when web sockets are enabled

* Add example, 'chat' using a subscription to ge the latest messages

* Update documentation

* Fix mutual removal when oncomplete triggers, ensure complete message is only send once

* Improve managing state, removing the need for a synchronized method and preventing null pointers in exceptional cases.

* Add put web socket related classes in separate package

* Fix build by adding copyright info and such

src/main/docs/guide/introduction.adoc, after:

Micronaut supports https://graphql.org[GraphQL] via the `micronaut-graphql` module.

=== Release History

=== 1.3.0

* Add support for GraphQL over websockets, in order to support subscriptions

=== 1.2.2

* Upgrade to GraphQL Java `14.0` (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/30[#30]).

=== 1.2.1

* Fixed `DefaultGraphQLInvocation` not handling exceptions thrown by GraphQL's `executeAsync`
  (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/21[#21]).
* Added `defaultVariableEditorOpen: true` property to the GraphiQL template.

=== 1.2.0

* Provide user defined `DataLoaderRegistry` bean to `ExecutionInput` in `DefaultGraphQLInvocation`
  (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/10[#10]).
  This change requires Micronaut `1.2.0`.
* Upgrade to GraphiQL `0.13.2` and made GraphiQL version configurable (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/11[#11]).

=== 1.1.0

* Upgrade to GraphQL Java `13.0`.

=== 1.0.2

* Fixed content type resolution (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/7[#7]).

=== 1.0.1

* Fixed loading GraphiQL configuration (https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-graphql/issues/6[#6]).

==== 1.0.0

* Removed the `GraphQLContextBuilder` and `GraphQLRootBuilder` in favour of a more generic `GraphQLExecutionInputCustomizer` capable of
  transforming the `ExecutionInput` before execution.

==== 1.0.0.RC2

* Upgrade to GraphQL Java `12.0`.
* Introduced a `GraphQLJsonSerializer` interface and default `JacksonGraphQLJsonSerializer` implementation capable of providing a customized
  Jackson `ObjectMapper`, or plugging in a completely different JSON serializer/deserializer library.

==== 1.0.0.RC1

* Initial release.
